# railwayProject V

Version History

Workflow

Install

Quick Start

Commandline





Configuration

Overview

Protocols

Blackhole

DNS

Dokodemo

Freedom

MTProto

HTTP

Shadowsocks

SOCKS

VMess

Policy

Routing

DNS

Mux

API

Statistics

Reverse

Transport

TCP

mKCP

WebSocket

HTTP/2

DomainSocket

QUIC

Env Variables

Awesome V

With Ads

Development

Milestone

Guide

Design

Build

Tools

Protocols

VMess

mKCP

Mux.Cool

Published with GitBook

ChineseEnglishRussianKoreanPersianVietnameseTranslate

Project V

Project V is a set of tools to help you build your own privacy network over internet. The core of Project V, named V2Ray, is responsible for network protocols and communications. It can work alone, as well as combine with other tools.

This website is mainly a manual for V2Ray, with some additional information regarding the whole project.

Features

Multiple inbound/outbound proxies: one V2Ray instance supports in parallel multiple inbound and outbound protocols. Each protocol works independently.

Customizable routing: incoming traffic can be sent to different outbounds based on routing configuration. It is easy to route traffic by target region or domain.

Multiple protocols: V2Ray supports multiple protocols, including Socks, HTTP, Shadowsocks, VMess etc. Each protocol may have its own transport, such as TCP, mKCP, WebSocket etc.

Obfuscation: V2Ray has built in obfuscation to hide traffic in TLS, and can run in parallel with web servers.

Reverse proxy: General support of reverse proxy. Can be used to build tunnels to localhost.

Multiple platforms: V2Ray runs natively on Windows, Mac OS, Linux, etc. There is also third party support on mobile.

Sponsors

v2net

This site is generated by GitBook, and host on GitHub. If you'd like to modify its content, please send pull request to this repo.
